docs(angular): bump v9 playground to Angular 21 and document Angular 22 migration (#4549)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/angular/zoneless.md

  />
</head>

> Angular 21 and 22 make [zoneless change detection](https://angular.dev/guide/zoneless) the default, removing the dependency on Zone.js. This guide covers what you need to know to run an Ionic Angular app without Zone.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular 21 made [zoneless change detection](https://angular.dev/guide/zoneless) the default, removing the dependency on Zone.js. This guide covers what you need to know to run an Ionic Angular app without Zone.js.
```

Should we say `made` here so that we don't need to update it for all future versions?

Author: [ba1a032](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/4549/commits/ba1a032f65119c94edf5ab36e302961c0f97b439)
